I guess this is just another lost cause
mr. Payne all you people don't know
about lost causes mr. Payne no sir he
said once they were the only causes
worth fighting and he walked for the
months for the only reason any man ever
fights for them because of just one
playing several love thy neighbor and in
this world the day full of hatred a man
who knows that one rule has a great
trust you know that rule mr. Payne and I
loved you for just as my father did and
you know that you fight for the lost
causes harder than for any others yet
you even die for them like a man we both
know you think I'm late you all think
I'm late well I'm not late and I'm gonna
stay right here and fight for this lost
cause even if this thing gets filled
with lies like these and the Taylor's
and all their armies come marching into
this place somebody will listen to me
he's okay just painted
[Applause]
[Music]